					Santos Academic License 
 
Preamble: 
 
This Preamble is intended to describe, in plain English, the nature, 
intent, and scope of this License. However, this Preamble is not a part 
of this License. The legal effect of this License is dependent only 
upon the terms of the License and not this Preamble. 
 
This license is based upon the principle that the sharing of software 
with other research and teaching institutions is vital to higher 
education and the development of knowledge and understanding.  However, 
these must be weighed against the protection of intellectual property.  
Therefore, we allow the free use of our software at other institutions 
of higher learning but reserve the rights to sell, modify, and 
distribute the software. 
 
License: 
 
NOTICE - READ ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT 
PRIOR TO DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING THE SOFTWARE. 
DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING AND/OR USING THE SOFTWARE ACCOMPANYING THIS 
LICENSE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 
 
1. GRANT OF RIGHT: This software program provided in binary code format 
(the "Program") and any related documentation (the "Documentation") are 
licensed, not sold, to you. Kansas State University, grants you a 
personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use the Program 
and Documentation, subject to the terms and restrictions of this 
Agreement. The Program and Documentation may be used by you, or an 
organization of which you are a member or employee, solely for non-
commercial, educational, evaluation and/or personal use on a single 
computer. "Non-commercial use" means uses that are not or will not 
result in (a) the sale, lease or rental of the Program or 
Documentation; and/or (b) the use of the Program or Documentation in 
any commercial product or service. 
 
You may make one copy of the Program for execution on a single 
computer. You may make one copy of the Program for 
archival purposes (including any additional copies which may be made 
during the course of a routine backup procedure of a single computer). 
You may make and distribute additional copies of the Program as 
required to execute the one copy of the Program on the single computer 
to which you are licensed. This Program is "in use" on a computer when 
it is loaded into temporary memory (i.e., RAM) or installed into the 
permanent memory (e.g., hard drive, CD-ROM or other storage device) of 
the computer. You may make copies of the Documentation as required for 
your use of the Program. 
 
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE NOT TO USE, 
COPY, MODIFY OR TRANSFER THE Program OR Documentation OR ANY COPY, IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART. You agree to use your best efforts to prevent and 
protect the contents of the Program and Documentation from unauthorized 
disclosure or use. You agree not to sublicense, assign, delegate, rent, 
lease or otherwise transfer this license or any of the related rights 
or obligations for any reason. The Santos Laboratory, the Computing and 
Information Sciences Department, and Kansas State University reserves 
all rights not expressly granted to you. NO OTHER LICENSES ARE GRANTED 
OR IMPLIED. 
 
2. OWNERSHIP: The Program and Documentation are and will remain the 
sole property of Kansas State University. The Program and Documentation 
are copyrighted works and protected by copyright law and/or contains 
proprietary information protected at law. Kansas State University may 
at any time assign or transfer all or part of its interests in any 
rights to the Program or Documentation. 
 
3. LIMITATIONS ON USE: You agree not to transfer, sell, rent, lease, 
publish or otherwise distribute copies of the Program or Documentation 
to others including individuals internal or external to your own 
organization. You agree not to modify or translate the Program or 
Documentation. You agree not to reverse assemble, reverse compile or 
otherwise attempt to create the source code from the Program. 
 
4. FEEDBACK: In consideration for this license, if you provide any 
feedback, reports on bugs, or errors in the Program, or reports on the 
operation of the Program, or suggested modifications (collectively 
"Feedback") during the term of this Agreement, we shall have the right 
to use such Feedback for any purpose without payment or accounting to 
you. 
 
5. TERMINATION: This license is effective until terminated. You may 
terminate this license at any time by destroying the Program, 
Documentation and any permitted archival copies. This license 
automatically terminates if you fail to comply with its terms and 
conditions. Kansas State University may terminate this license at any 
time by providing you notice of such termination.  Upon termination in 
any manner, you agree to destroy all copies of the Program and 
Documentation in your possession. Your obligations under Sections 3 and 
8 herein shall survive and continue after any termination of this 
Agreement. 
 
6. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY/LIMITATION OF REMEDIES: The Santos 
Laboratory, the Computing and Information Sciences Department, and 
Kansas State University has no obligation to support the Program or 
Documentation provided under this license. To the extent permitted 
under applicable law,  THE Program and Documentation is licensed "AS 
IS", WITH NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY. The Santos Laboratory, the 
Computing and Information Sciences Department, and Kansas State 
University WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR 
SPECIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER RELIEF, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY THIRD 
PARTY, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE Program or Documentation. Some 
States and other jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or 
limitation of implied warranties so the above exclusions or limitations 
may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and 
you may also have other rights which vary from State to State. 
 
7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and 
understanding between the parties pertaining to the subject matter 
hereof and merges all prior written or oral discussions between them. 
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by 
the laws of the State of Kansas, United States of America, excluding 
the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale 
of Goods. 
 
8. COMMERCIAL LICENSE: For information regarding a commercial license 
please contact the Santos Laboratory at: Computing and Information 
Sciences Dept., 234 Nichols Hall, Manhattan, KS 66506.  You may also 
contact the Santos Laboratory at 785.532.6350.		